Kaptain 2.0.0 Docs sdk folder (#4319)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kaptain/2.0.0/sdk/0.4.x/configuration/index.md

variables `KAPTAIN_SDK_LOG_TIMEFORMAT` and `KAPTAIN_SDK_DEBUG` only take effect if used at the beginning of the script or
Notebook.

You can also change these environment variables from Python/Jupyter using the variables in `kaptain.envs`. Changing them this way
will make the changes take effect immediately. For example:

```python
import kaptain.envs as envs   # (showing default values)

envs.DEBUG = False
envs.VERBOSE = False
envs.LOG_TIMEFORMAT = "%Y/%m/%d %H:%M:%S,%f"
```
### Image build configuration

Use the following environment variables to set resources required for image building jobs: 

- **DOCKER_BUILDER_CPU_LIMIT**: set `resources.cpu` limit for image building job (default: `1`).
- **DOCKER_BUILDER_MEM_LIMIT**: set `resources.memory` limit for image building job (default: `1G`).
- **DOCKER_BUILDER_CPU_REQUEST**: set `resources.cpu` request for image building job (default: `500m`)
- **DOCKER_BUILDER_MEM_REQUEST**: set `resources.memory` request for image building job (default: `500M`)

### Cleanup

Use the following environment variables to configure automatic cleanup of the resources created by Kaptain SDK at every step of the model lifecycle.

> - **KAPTAIN_SDK_DELETE_EXPERIMENT**: If set to "True", delete the `Experiment` resource upon the completion of the tuning step. **Note**: once the experiment is deleted, it won't be available for viewing in the Katib UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **KAPTAIN_SDK_DELETE_EXPERIMENT**: If set to "True", delete the `Experiment` resource upon the completion of the tuning step. **Note**: once the experiment is deleted, it will not be available for viewing in the Katib UI.
```
